Merge main into releases/v4 (#3494)
github/codeql-action: CHANGELOG.md

- When the CodeQL Action is run [with debugging enabled in Default Setup](https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/how-tos/scan-code-for-vulnerabilities/troubleshooting/troubleshooting-analysis-errors/logs-not-detailed-enough#creating-codeql-debugging-artifacts-for-codeql-default-setup) and [private package registries are configured](https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/how-tos/secure-at-scale/configure-organization-security/manage-usage-and-access/giving-org-access-private-registries), the "Setup proxy for registries" step will output additional diagnostic information that can be used for troubleshooting. [#3486](https://github.com/github/codeql-action/pull/3486)
- Added a setting which allows the CodeQL Action to enable network debugging for Java programs. This setting can only be enabled by GitHub staff to help customers to troubleshoot issues in GitHub-managed CodeQL workflows, such as Default Setup. [#3485](https://github.com/github/codeql-action/pull/3485)

> - Added a setting which enables GitHub-managed workflows, such as Default Setup, to use a [nightly CodeQL CLI release](https://github.com/dsp-testing/codeql-cli-nightlies) instead of the latest, stable release that is used by default. This setting can only be enabled by GitHub staff to help customers whose analyses for a given repository or organisation require early access to a change in an upcoming CodeQL CLI release. [#3484](https://github.com/github/codeql-action/pull/3484)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a setting which enables GitHub-managed workflows, such as Default Setup, to use a [nightly CodeQL CLI release](https://github.com/dsp-testing/codeql-cli-nightlies) instead of the latest, stable release that is used by default. This will help GitHub staff support customers whose analyses for a given repository or organization require early access to a change in an upcoming CodeQL CLI release. This setting can currently only be enabled by GitHub staff. [#3484](https://github.com/github/codeql-action/pull/3484)
```
